Thank you.
I need you to come home for a reason.
I need you to help me.
I want you to help me die, Tyler.
Don't talk like that. You're gonna get well.
I want to be buried back home in Smallville.
You have to be strong, Mom.
I can't fight this anymore.
I can't.
If you loved me, you'd do this for me.
I love you.
I love you, Mom.
And I love you, Tyler.
Oh, my God.
Security!
Get me security now!
Get away!
Look!
She was in pain.
I think he killed her.
Let go! Let go!
Let go!
Tyler Randall, male Caucasian.
Body has multiple fracture injuries
consistent with a high fall of more than 20 feet.
Subject's neck is broken just below the axis.
What have we got here?
Let's see.
Oh, man, that's gonna hurt.
The subject has unknown rock fragment
wedged between the brachioradialis and the flexors
of the right forearm.
Come on.
Possibly the result of impact.
Okay, Tyler, let's take a look under the hood.
Okay.
Now listen.
Your mind is gone.
Your body is gone.
The love has Folom spirald.
I too.
How did you know this one?
Got your sets.
You know it.
Your noodles.
My whole hands break right through
Somebody save me
Don't care how you do it
Just stay, stay
Come on, I've been waiting for you
Just stay
I've made this whole world shine for you
Just stay, stay
Come on
Well, here we are.
Clark, I'm only asking for two hours.
I'm sorry to cut into your busy social schedule.
It's not that.
I don't mind helping out for good cause.
Just all these people are...
Old and sick?
It's just hard to deal with.
There's nothing we can really do to help them.
You're right.
You can't save them from old age and illness,
but that's not the point.
You're saving them from loneliness.
Don't forget the irises.
You excited about the big fishing trip with your dad next weekend?
You didn't forget, did you?
How could I?
We've been going every year since I was seven.
Ten hours in a rowboat, swatting mosquitoes,
looking for ripples in the water.
I thought you enjoyed fishing.
I did when I was younger.
Well, if you don't want to go, you need to tell him.
I don't want to hurt his feelings.
He may not like it, but he needs to know.
Ah, Martha, Clark.
I'd like you to meet Tyler Randall, new volunteer.
I want you to show him the ropes.
Hank tells me you're the best organic produce this side of Metropolis.
He just made a friend for life.
So it brings you to Smallville.
I came back to make funeral preparations.
I recently lost my mother.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
What do you say we get her those deliveries?
We can start with Mrs. Sykes.
She'll be happy to see us.
Her dog Pepper, on the other hand...
No, Pepper's not so bad.
Hi, Pepper.
Hi, how are you today?
Pepper, this is Tyler.
Don't worry, she's probably just hungry.
I'll get her something to eat.
Come on, Pepper.
Spots her elderly and housebound like Mrs. Sykes.
Good morning, Mrs. Sykes.
How are you feeling today?
Terrible.
Is that Clark? He looks different.
No, this is Tyler, our new driver.
Let me.
How about some lunch, Mrs. Sykes?
What's wrong?
It hurts.
The pills, give me my...
Isn't there anything we can do for her?
I wish there were.
One of Mrs. Kent's beautiful irises.
For a beautiful lady.
Oh, miss.
Don't ever get old and sick, son.
The world got no use for you.
I'll tell you what.
I'll bring you another iris tomorrow.
I like roses.
White ones.
White ones it is.
I like this one, Martha.
Your father's very disappointed with you, Lex.
My father's disappointment is perennial.
Only the circumstances change. What do you want, Dominic?
An internal audit of your division
has turned up accounting irregularities
and I've been authorized to come down
and go through it in a thorough manner.
So this is payback for turning down my father's offer
to join him in Metropolis.
Lionel has been very tolerant of your excesses.
But this time you didn't spend the money
on parties and sports cars.
And he wants to know where it went.
Do you know what my father gave me for my 10th birthday?
A copy of The Will to Power.
Behold the Superman.
Man is something to be overcome.
Sun Tzu, Machiavelli, Nietzsche.
They were the voices that nurtured me after my mother died.
My father made every question a quiz,
every choice a test.
Second best was for losers,
compassion for the weak, trust no one.
Those were the lessons I grew up with.
I'll remember that if I'm ever interviewed
by the Biography Channel.
All I'm saying, Dominic,
is try and remember who I was raised by.
I try to deny it, but I'm still my father's son.
Tread carefully.
Here you go.
Looks like a real page-turner.
My father and I have our annual fishing trip.
Of course you do.
My father and I are going to the sea.
My father and I went on a fishing trip once.
Really? He doesn't seem like the fishing type.
He's not. We were the bait.
We flew to South Australia,
went down in a cage, got up close and personal
with a couple of great whites.
Sounds like a real Kodak moment.
When you're rich and untouchable like he is,
you do things to make yourself feel alive.
Why'd you go?
Because he didn't think I would.
We never went on another father-son trip after that.
I wish my father would do something other than fishing.
How about a football game?
I've got two extra tickets for the Skybox
at the Metropolis Sharks game next Sunday.
They're yours.
That'd be great. My father's been following the team all season.
I wouldn't even have to twist his arm.
Problem solved.
Lana, what is it?
That was Whitney's mom.
His dad just had another heart attack.
Don't you dare touch me.
You know it is not a good idea to sneak up on somebody
with an acetylene torch.
I'm sorry. My name's Dominic, Senatori.
I work for Lionel Luther.
I'm here in Smallville following up on a research project
Lex Luther recently instigated.
Look, Dominic,
if you don't mind, I've got a lot of work to do around here, okay?
Well, there was an incident involving your son
and Lex's Porsche
and a bridge.
Lex has spent a considerable amount of time
and capital researching the crash
and I was wondering if you knew why.
Look, the truth is, Lex's Porsche
was driving like a maniac.
His car went off the bridge into the water.
My son jumped in, risked his life to save him.
That's the end of the story.
And you wouldn't know why he commissioned
an in-depth profile into you and your family?
I have no idea.
Fair enough, Mr. Kent.
Thanks for your time.
Uh,
just out of curiosity, what we're
going to do is
we're going to look at Lex's findings on the crash.
Whitney, is that you?
It's Clark Kent, Mr. Fortman.
Oh,
Lana.
Well, where's Whitney?
I haven't seen my son yet.
Don't worry.
He'll be here soon.
Oh.
Where is Whitney?
I don't know. His mom said he'd be here.
Clark!
How's Whitney's dad?
He's hanging in there.
That's good.
You remember this.
It's my first fishing rod.
Yeah, you used to practice casting it
out in the paddock all day.
I remember.
In fact, I remember that I used to have to pry it out of your hands
just to get you to go to bed at night.
Dad,
what would you say if we could be sitting in a deluxe box
next Sunday watching the Metropolis Sharks?
I'd say the Milk River's changed quite a bit.
Think about it.
No worms, no cold mornings,
no eating canned peaches.
Wait a minute.
Did Lex Luthor arrange all this for us?
Clark,
this morning I had a surprise visit
from one of Lionel Luthor's people.
Did you know that your buddy Lex Luthor
was having us investigated after the bridge accident?
Yeah, but Lex said it was all in our past.
He promised.
You knew and you didn't tell me?
I didn't.
Because I knew you'd react like this.
I thought we had an understanding.
How am I supposed to protect you
if you won't give me all the facts?
I don't always need your protection.
When it comes to your secret, you bet you do.
Maybe when you get a little older you'll understand my apprehension
about the Luthor family.
Stop treating me like a kid.
I'm not seven years old anymore. I'm not casting lines in the paddock.
I don't even like fishing.
The only reason I do it is because it makes you happy.
That... that... that didn't come out right.
No, son, I think it did.
I brought you a white rose.
Huh?
You've lived so long with pain.
Sometimes don't you wish it would just end?
Oh, yes.
I can't go on.
Not like this.
It'll all be over soon.
I promise.
Where's Dad?
He wanted to get an early start.
Said he had a lot of work to do today.
He's avoiding me, isn't he?
I'm not going to play referee.
You two need to work this out.
We will.
First we'll have a week of uncomfortable silence,
and then we'll start talking about something trivial.
And then we'll move on.
Avoiding it and hoping the problem goes away isn't dealing with it.
What can I do? You know how stubborn he can be.
I know how stubborn you both can be.
I don't want to see you two drift apart like he did with his father.
I thought they were close.
They were, but they kept things from each other.
When your grandfather passed away, there was a lot your dad didn't get to tell him, a lot he regrets.
I just don't want to see history repeat itself.
Chloe! I just got your note.
I can't believe it. I just saw Mrs. Sykes yesterday.
I know. I'm sorry, Cole.
What happened?
Well, the official story is that there was some sort of a fire, but all they found were her ashes.
And the unofficial?
Spontaneous combustion.
She thinks the old lady just burst into flames.
October, 1978.
Joyce Maslow was dancing at a disco in Elizabeth, New Jersey,
when flames burst from her head and back, enveloping her.
In seconds, she was a human torch consumed before the eyes of her horrified boyfriend.
You don't have to look so happy about it.
I'm not happy. I'm intrigued.
Which means you still gotta look into it.
Am I that transparent?
Yes.
Mr. Kent?
Mark isn't here.
Actually, I came to see you.
I was wondering if you were planning on coming to the game next Sunday.
I'm going fishing, Lex. I don't know what my son is doing.
The tickets were meant as a gift.
Yeah, I'm sure your intentions were entirely noble.
That's not fair.
I don't think you understand how I regard Clark and your family.
Yes, I do. I understand perfectly well.
We're just pawns in your eternal chess game with your dad.
Do you have a family photo?
Yeah, I got lots of family photos, Lex.
The only picture of my father?
Yeah, I got a picture of my father in me.
It appears in the Luther Corp annual report.
Huh.
Is this the part where I'm supposed to feel sorry for you?
No.
I just want you to understand if I'm guilty of anything regarding your family, it's envy.
Well, if you're so envious of my family, then why do you feel the need to investigate it behind my back?
I wanted to know what happened out on that bridge the day of the accident.
Yeah.
I had a theory and it turned out to be false.
I was totally upfront with Clark about it.
That's what this is about.
Clark wasn't upfront with you.
He's a good kid, Lex. I don't want that to change.
Neither do I.
You know, from the day I first met Clark, all you've ever seen is the name Luther.
Well, so far you haven't given me a reason to see anything else.
I'm just trying to get my mind off of things.
See that Kansas State game last week?
What are you doing here, Clark?
Did Lana send you?
I told her you'd see it coming a mile away.
I am not angry.
So, have you come to find out why the heartless son hasn't gone by the hospital to visit his dying father?
Something like that.
I remember how my dad used to say how he was going to be there the day I threw my first pass for the Sharks.
He said it so often, I actually believed it would happen.
He still could.
My father was the strongest man I ever knew.
He led her in three sports at State.
When I see him there in the hospital so...
weak...
it kills me because that's not my father.
Whatever you do for a long time to come, your father is going to be there to support you.
I only have a memory of my dad.
And I don't want that memory to be...
of that sick man laying there in the hospital.
No, I get it.
It's just...
I'd take the man over the memory any day of the week.
Clark, I've been looking all over for you.
Look what I found in the Daily Planet.
The body disappears from Metropolis Mall.
Yeah, but look at the photo.
The coroner's body was disintegrated into ash.
Just like Mrs. Sykes.
I don't know, but it sure would be nice to check out that house for ourselves.
You know this is a crime scene.
So?
Well, there's no other sign of fire damage anywhere.
So you might want to dial back on that spontaneous combustion skepticism.
No barking.
I wasn't planning on it.
Pepper.
Where's Pepper?
Mrs. Sykes' dog.
She turned into a barking machine any time somebody came over.
Pepper!
Come here, girl!
Well, Animal Shelter probably came and got her.
Oh, what?
Pop up the Perhaps list emoji, feel like you're playing Ghost contextual in any rose.
Just in case I mis rightly, but...
Pepper.
Yes?
All you got is just a game.
That's telling me you'll play with Pepper.
Oh, a game?
It's called Techmode Press.
Haven't seen one myself.
I'm afraid it'll be no fun settingFCM4 under my name.
What do you think was your proposal?
What happened may have been combustion,
but I have a feeling it wasn't spontaneous.
Good afternoon, Martha.
Hi.
I didn't know that you were volunteering today.
Oh, just dropping off some extra produce.
Didn't want it to go to waste.
Well, here, let me give you a hand with that.
That's okay, I got it.
Just close it for me.
All right.
I'll be in the office if you need me.
Okay.
Tyler, what are you doing here?
Here, let me help you with this.
If you want to give me an answer,
I can put this in your papers.
Oh, I have no idea what stay is for you to do?
Huh?
Oh, boy.
I can't believe it.
I know you did that.
Then why did you have to do that?
Jah suffering from diarrhea?
Your letter got it?
Maybe you still need it.
Oh, Dr Copeland knows how to drive!
Or notы
Dr Copeland, dr Copeland?
Oh bro, I think you've got a problem.
Mr Copeland.
Mr Copeland, hい ze.
Mom!
Get away from her!
Don't touch him!
What?
Are you okay?
Sonia, Mom is, uh...
She's resting.
She's...
Pretty shaken up, but I think she's gonna be fine.
Police are looking everywhere for Tyler.
I don't think they're gonna stop him.
Why?
Because they saw his heart.
It wasn't beating.
Clark, that doesn't make any sense.
How can...
How can he walk around if he's dead?
How can he turn people to ash?
When he touched my face,
I felt like the life was being drained out of me.
Clark, are you sure that you...
Yeah.
Dad?
Nothing.
Just like...
gray hair and prison
GW Diamonds
Corp.
I mean, sure.
You know who this person is.
Dad has an accident.
Someone th.»
Oh, it's so bright.
Did it kill what you were saying?
Well, I think it did.
He was holding himself down.
As soon as-
I thought Tyler would hurt anybody. He seemed so nice.
If you run into him, whatever you do, don't let him touch you.
Long story. Just trust me.
Whitney phoned. He wanted to get together later and talk.
That's great.
I don't know what you said, but thank you.
Gotta go.
Fuck. Glad I ran into you.
I need to talk to you about the Sharks game.
Is your dad coming?
I'm not sure.
Funny. When I asked him, he was pretty adamant he wasn't going.
I'm rescinding the offer. Go fishing with your dad.
Lex, you don't have to do that.
I know.
But your dad just wants to spend some time with you.
It's not something I want to come between.
In his own way, he's just trying to give you something my father never gave me.
What's that?
Limitations.
All my father ever told me was don't get caught.
Don't cause a scandal.
It's not love. That's public relations.
You have no idea how lucky you are.
When my father dies, the Kings will come to his funeral.
But when yours does, his friends will come.
You're not going to be a single man.
I know.
Now tell me she saw you come out here.
Yeah.
I just realized that in all the time we've known each other, I'd never been here before.
It's OK, Remy.
No, it's not.
It's just the thought of losing my parents was so awful.
I didn't want to think about it.
That's why you need to talk to your father.
Go see him with me.
Make the best of the time he has left.
Thanks, Lana.
I'm, uh...
I'm going to the hospital.
Do you want me to walk you home?
I think I'm going to stay.
I haven't been out here in a while.
Okay.
Whitney?
It's all right. I won't hurt you.
I don't want to hurt anyone, Lana.
I only want to bring them peace.
I heard your friend talking.
His father must be in terrible pain.
I can help your friend.
You're a good man.
You'll be a good man.
Then there's a discrepancy between the purchasing and shipping records.
Stop.
I know my father authorized this investigation,
but enough bean counting for one day.
30-year-old, single malt.
Also bought with my father's money.
Make sure you jot that down.
Let's be frank, Dominic.
My father sent you here to spy on me
because he's afraid of how well I'm doing.
This was my last chance to prove myself, and he just assumed I'd fail.
Now he has to revise his definition of me.
I'm not just his screw-up son anymore.
Now I'm competition.
And my father only knows one way of dealing with competition.
There are some things better left between patient and therapist, Lex.
You know, in ancient Persia,
the kings would kill a messenger who brought the news they didn't like.
In modern times, a sword in the chest might seem a little extreme.
Something more subtle would be in order.
Enjoying your drink?
Oh, it's disgusting.
I guess I should have mentioned the may not be suitable for all ages disclaimer.
Your friend Tyler's been busy.
What do you mean busy?
I mean he tried to kill his mother, rose from the dead, and escaped from the morgue busy.
My buddy Chad works weekends for the ME.
He zip-filed the toxicology report.
Besides the fatal amount of painkillers,
they also found fragments of an unknown green stone embedded in his skin.
Meteor rocks.
Yeah.
If that's the case, why aren't all the dead bodies in Smallville rising from their graves?
I think it's the lethal combo of painkillers and meteor rocks that caused Tyler to pull a thriller.
Wait a minute.
Didn't you say Tyler tried to kill his mother?
Tried and failed.
His mother recovered enough to be sent home.
Clark, I just left Tyler in the graveyard.
Are you okay?
Heard Whitney talking about his father.
He said that he could bring him peace.
Did you call the police?
Where are you going?
I need to check out their
aud maker list.
Wow.
As dark as we can get.
I was looking for the actual contract, told them all that we made money on.
And before we knew it, Tyler ascended into the graveyard.
And I told him the whole story.
Dad, he can't hear you.
Who are you?
I've come to help your father and you.
Hey!
They can end your pain.
Know what you're feeling.
Much it hurts, but I can make it all go away.
Tyler, don't!
I heard your friend Clark.
Seeing his father like this is tearing him apart.
I can give them both peace.
It's not your decision, Tyler.
You're wrong.
I have to help him.
You're not taking away their pain.
You're stealing Whitney's last chance to be with his father.
You can't stop me, Clark.
No one can.
Don't you see?
I know I can see it in my mother's eyes.
Your mother's alive.
She recovered after that night in Metropolis.
They brought her home to Smallville.
I thought...
She's alive, Tyler.
Let me take you to her.
It's a miracle.
It's life.
As long as we have that, there's still hope.
She seems so peaceful.
I thought that I was brought back to relieve the suffering of others.
But it was my pain all along.
What if I was the one who brought you back?
I would have been the one who brought you back.
What have I done?
Tyler...
I just want it all to be over.
Interesting choice of location for a meeting, Lex.
Why didn't you just come up to the penthouse?
I was making a garbage delivery.
I didn't want to tarnish the marble.
I'm not in the mood to joust.
I was hoping you might explain Dominic's visit.
My auditors discovered a number of unaccountable
unaccounted expenditures coming out of the Smallville plant.
I thought it prudent to investigate.
Come on, Dad.
I squandered more on a weekend in Hong Kong.
You didn't stick your adding machines on me then.
No, we're talking corporate finances, Lex, not your pocket money.
It bothers you, doesn't it?
That I'm not dependent on you anymore?
That I've made friends in Smallville, people I can trust?
Don't be ridiculous, Lex.
I'm happy you're doing well.
Not even that.
You're afraid I won't need you anymore.
I'm not going to be your son.
You'll always be my son.
And you will always need me, Lex.
Aren't you going to ask about Dominic?
He hasn't checked in for hours, has he?
Unusual for a man of his tediously predictable nature.
Go ahead.
Pop the trunk.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Pop the trunk.
Lex.
What has he done?
You want to ask an accounting question, Dad?
Call me.
The next time one of your drones bothers the Kents,
I'll be lucky to catch you right up with a spare.
If you believe Forschus, you won't regret this.
Sit here, my dear.
Here's no way.
You're sorry to see him around like this.
Lex?
Well done.
Thank you.
I twinkle, returning to your eyes.
I search for you.
For someone's fire.
We'll run around this place, stumbling in the dark.
You all right, Dad?
Never better.
And when I feel the skies will never clear,
you remind me spring is near.
It's a really nice thing you've done for the Fortnum's.
Thanks, Mr. King.
It means a lot coming from you.
I just want you to know,
I closed the book on that day at the bridge.
Why'd you investigate it in the first place?
That day was a miracle.
I've never wanted to forget it.
You're not gonna find out why things like that happen?
No.
I just accept the fact that they do.
You don't need an explanation for everything, Lex.
How do you get the Metropolis Sharks to do it?
When your father owns a team,
maybe it's easier to pull some strings.
It's strange.
I never thought Lex even liked Whitney,
and then he goes and arranges all this.
I think Lex feels he's become part of our lives.
I'd like to believe that.
You asked him, didn't you?
Being friends with Lex can be complicated,
but it has advantages.
What was that?
Just bring me a hug.
How you shout and cry.
Can't you hear?
You have to think.
God, when I'm forever alone,
can't we just keep crying?
Oh, you get nervous, dio
barbara
I just now want to spend some time with my son.
My dad and I, we saw each other every day.
We never really talked.
I just don't want history to repeat itself.
That makes two of us.
Hey, Dad, I think we can catch more fish this year.
What, new lures?
Thanks for your vision.
AUTUMN VENT STEP
Thank you.